I
Peggy 12
I did it with 312 girls in two months
there is nothing better than hitting a
total stranger in the face being totally
nude and public can be pretty
embarrassing but I can also be kind of
fun two weeks ago I stole the car I
cheated on him like 18 times its blinged
out shiny or covered in diamonds i buy
it I'm swimming in cash I said my
sister's house on fire she was a stupid
cow anyway just somebody everything in
my house is pink I me a real pink like
fuchsia Rockland lemon pepper those no
but she was tall neurotic blonde and you
look like she could benchpress a school
bus computers couches stereos cars all
very easy to steal total waitress on
waitress action
I try to get my man to make out with my
Butler crude electrocution now that's
the way to go out
okay I got sports cards Jules a maid
chef not done yet folio jewel
you